Kill him, kill him
Run away
You're crazy, you're all crazy
Move all your assets away
How dare you do this to me
Is there anyone else?
Wu Jing, beat the dead, ah
Ah
Don't move
You have no money now
You are nothing
I have no support from the Sun family
Ah
Ah, you
Obviously pay attention
Come with me to dance lightly
Your company has gone bankrupt
Your assets already belong to my Sun family
Get out of here
You dare to ruin my face
I won't let you go
I will never let go of your motherland
I will never let you go
Absolutely
Okay, I'll wait for you
Don't say I didn't give you a chance
Wait until I get my daughter back
I'll be back again
You guys get ready
For the past two years
For the abuse of my daughter
I'll talk to you guys
You guys wait for me
Who's going
Let's go